Update CONTRIBUTING.md to include how to run failing tests (#88193)
elastic/elasticsearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

For more information about testing code examples in the documentation, see
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/docs/README.asciidoc

### Only running failed tests

> When you open your pull-request it may be approved for review. When it is the full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open your pull-request it may be approved for review. If so, the full
```

> test suite is ran within Elasticsearch's CI environment. If a test fails,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test suite is run within Elasticsearch's CI environment. If a test fails,
```
